So let's dive back into our project and make sure you are logged out and make sure you download the attached
snapshot because there I did add a sign up link to our navigation bar and if we click on that,
we also load a sign up page where we should edit the caption of the button by the way.
So if you download the attached code, what was added and you can also add this to your own project.
I did add the sign up.ejs file where I also should change this to sign up, so you can simply add that file
to your auth folder.
I did manipulate or change the navigation.ejs file, there what I did add is I simply added the sign
up navigation menu entry
after login, both for the normal menu and also for the mobile menu down there,
so basically one list item was added to each menu,
this is what I added in this file.
And then I worked on my routes, there I added two new routes, posts sign up and get sign up where I use
my auth controller get sign up and post sign up actions
and in that controller, I worked on these actions.
I added posts sign up which is an empty placeholder, nothing in there,
so that is not that difficult, get sign up also is is a pretty simple route, there
I simply render the auth
sign up view. So you can just add this to your existing project or use my attached snapshot and replace
my mongodb url with yours
and once you got all that, you should be able to have a running application that looks like this with
a sign up page that looks like this because now we will use or we will need a way of signing up users.
So let's now start implementing the full authentication flow in this module
and for that, we'll first of all make sure that we can create new users, then that we can sign users in and
sign users out of course, that we can then use the information whether a user is signed
in or signed out in all our views and that we can protect our routes on the server side too because
right now even if I'm not signed in, what I can do is I can manually visit admin add product and this
works.
So I can't get there by menu because we hide the menu options but manually visiting this works
and this is also something we'll work on in this module.
So let's get there step by step and let's start by adding user sign up in the next lecture.